Update readme and create more flushed out contributing documentation (#11131)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/contributing/code/index.md

Reviewer: This file needs custom header IDs still

Typically, you will develop and test functions in the Gatsby context, by running `yarn start`.

In case you want to test them as if you were in a Netlify env, you can install the [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) and run `netlify dev --framework=gatsby`.

### 6. Submit your PR

- After your changes are committed to your GitHub fork, submit a pull request (PR) to the `dev` branch of the `ethereum/ethereum-org-website` repo
- In your PR description, reference the issue it resolves (see [linking a pull request to an issue using a keyword](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword))
  - ex. `Updates out of date content [Fixes #1234]`
- Gatsby Cloud (our hosting service for build previews) deploys all PRs to a publicly accessible preview URL, e.g.:
  ![Gatsby Cloud deploy preview](./GC-preview-deploy.png)
- _Confirm your GC preview deploy looks & functions as expected_

> - Why not say hi and draw attention to your PR in [our discord server](https://discord.gg/CetY6Y4)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Why not say hi and draw attention to your PR in [our discord server](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)?
```
